ug: el2g: add warning about deprecation (#758)
foundriesio/docs: source/user-guide/el2g.rst

Integrating NXP EdgeLock 2GO
============================

.. warning::

>    The content in this page is not supported in current LmP. This page will be deleted in the next LmP release (v96).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The content on this page is not supported by the current LmP. This page will be deleted with the next release (v96).
```
